[Music]
what is going on guys it is Chris here
from Spartan Chester's bringing you
another video for the Elder Scrolls
online and today I'm going to be talking
about guild banks and Guild Store as
well as your personal bank so as you can
see this is the icon on the map that you
can get to your guild bank from any
major city in an e tone right now I'm
north of the Daggerfall covenant in
rivers byron but if I go to Glen Umbra
the standing zone for the world map you
can see there's a guild bank there this
is applied to every other zone because
you'll be able to get that guild bank or
Bank storage system a lot easier and a
lot quicker because you get them in your
starting zone now as well as guild banks
and guild stores there's of course your
personal bank and the personal bank is
quite unique because if you go to your
personal bank and you store let's say or
to know all your temporal alloys in
there which is a crafting material
you'll be able to store them in there
and craft straight from your bank at the
crafting station meaning you don't have
to carry around 200 Horning stones or
700 clear water just to be able to craft
things you can craft them straight from
there which means your backpack space
isn't this clone below now when it comes
to the guild bank it's a lot unique you
can swap through by pressing F and you
can you know see the gills that you're
part of right now I'm part of four
different guilds but some of the guilds
don't have what I need
as you can see I'm scrolling through a
guild banks have a lot to offer but it's
not a place to go on angelou things to
sell its place for the guild to work
together be a part of the community and
help each other out now with a click of
a button I can swap Gil's straight away
and go see what the other girl has to
offer for things that I might need now
it does have come with a cap you can you
only take a certain amount of things out
at a time because the guild master will
put that on there obviously unless he
trusts his guild members now with that
said the guild store is a lot different
you can't really just take things out of
it and what I mean by that is when you
go to the guild store you have to buy
things from certain players and when you
buy them it takes the gold straight from
you and sends it straight to the other
player in instant and then you get the
item in a couple of seconds later it's
not that hard it's not that hard to
comprehend we're able to get through
things like food and potions or you can
go through weapons and treasure maps or
a Peru and you can just search you know
right now I needed some goats for the
fishing video which should be up soon
and all I have to do is buy
that click the Buy button and it goes
straight into my bank if I just are my
bag sorry just check my mail and there
it is it's in there at the moment item
purchase the goal gets stripped sent to
the other player so guys if you want any
more guides from the Elder Scrolls
online let me know in the comments below
and as always thanks for watching